[ADD] Attendances: moving check in section to new doc (#9434)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/attendances/check_in_check_out.rst

.. image:: check_in_check_out/top-menu.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Top right main menu with check in button highlighted.

.. _attendances/check-in:

Check in
========

If the attendance widget circle is red, this indicates the user is not currently checked in. Click
the :guilabel:`🔴 (red circle)` and the attendance widget appears, displaying a green
:guilabel:`Check in` :icon:`fa-sign-in` button.

.. image:: check_in_check_out/check-in.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Top right main menu with check in button highlighted.

When the user checks in from the database, the *Attendances* app logs the location details for the
user, including the IP Address and GPS coordinates.

.. important::
   For the *Attendances* app to log the location details, the user must allow their computer to
   access their location information.

If the user has not checked in and out already during the current work day, this button is the only
visible item in the widget. If the user has previously checked in and out, a :guilabel:`Total today`
field appears above the button, and the total amount of time that has been logged for the day

> appears beneath that field, in an :guilabel:`HH:MM` (hours:minutes) format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
appears in that field, in an :guilabel:`HH:MM` (hours:minutes) format.
```

Click the :guilabel:`Check in` :icon:`fa-sign-in` button to check in. The :guilabel:`🔴 (red
circle)` in the top menu changes to green, and the widget changes appearance as well. The widget
updates to reflect that the user has checked in, by changing the green :guilabel:`Check in`
:icon:`fa-sign-in` button to a yellow :guilabel:`Check out` :icon:`fa-sign-out` button.

Click anywhere on the screen to close the attendance widget.

Check out
=========

If the user is checking out for the first time, :guilabel:`Since HH:MM (AM/PM)` appears at the top

> of the widget, with the time the user checked in populating the time field. Beneath that line,
> :guilabel:`HH:MM` is displayed, indicating the hours and minutes that have elapsed since checking
> in. As time passes, this value is updated to reflect the hours and minutes that have passed since

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the widget, with the time the user checked in populating the time field. Beneath that line,
the hours and minutes that have elapsed since checking
in are displayed, in a :guilabel:`HH:MM`  format. As time passes, this value is updated to reflect the hours and minutes that have passed since
```

the user checked in.

If the user has previously checked in and out, additional fields are presented. A :guilabel:`Before

> HH:MM (AM/PM)` field appears in addition to the :guilabel:`Since HH:MM (AM/PM)` field. The time

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
HH:MM (AM/PM)` field appears, in addition to the :guilabel:`Since HH:MM (AM/PM)` field. The time
```

> HH:MM (AM/PM)` field appears in addition to the :guilabel:`Since HH:MM (AM/PM)` field. The time
> displayed in both of these fields are populated with the most recent check in time, and will match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HH:MM (AM/PM)` field appears in addition to the :guilabel:`Since HH:MM (AM/PM)` field. The times
displayed in each of these fields are the most recent check in time, and will match.
```

> displayed in both of these fields are populated with the most recent check in time, and will match.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
displayed in both of these fields match, and are populated with the most recent check in time.
```

> Beneath the :guilabel:`Before HH:MM (AM/PM)` fiel-d, the previously logged hours are displayed, in an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beneath the :guilabel:`Before HH:MM (AM/PM)` field, the previously logged hours are displayed, in an
```

> Beneath the :guilabel:`Before HH:MM (AM/PM)` fiel-d, the previously logged hours are displayed, in an

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Beneath the :guilabel:`Before HH:MM (AM/PM)` field, the previously logged time is displayed, in an
```

:guilabel:`HH:MM` (hours:minutes) format.

In addition, beneath both of these fields, a :guilabel:`Total today` field appears. This field is
the sum of both the :guilabel:`Before HH:MM (AM/PM)` and :guilabel:`Since HH:MM (AM/PM)` fields, and

> is the total time that will be logged for the user, if they were to log out at that moment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is the total time that is logged for the user, if they were to log out at that moment.
```

As time passes, both the :guilabel:`Since HH:MM (AM/PM)` and :guilabel:`Total today` fields are
updated live. To check out, click the yellow :guilabel:`Check out` :icon:`fa-sign-out` button. The
attendance widget updates again, displaying the :guilabel:`Total today` field with the logged time,

> and the yellow :guilabel:`Check out` :icon:`fa-sign-out` button changes to a green :guilabel:`Check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
while the yellow :guilabel:`Check out` :icon:`fa-sign-out` button changes to a green :guilabel:`Check
```

in` :icon:`fa-sign-in` button.

When the user checks out from the database, the *Attendances* app logs the location details for the
user. This information is **only** logged if the user allows their computer to access this
information.

.. image:: check_in_check_out/check-in-database-message.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The pop-up that appears when an employee checks in inside the database.

.. tip::
   There is no limit to the amount of times a user can check in and check out. Users are able to
   check in and out without any time elapsing (a value of 00:00). Each time an employee logs in and

>    out, the information is stored and appears on the dashboard, including check ins and check outs

Reviewer 2: would you mind adding a bit more specificity to which dashboard? The main Odoo Dashboard? The main Attendances dashboard? Both? A little elaboration could be super helpful here. Thanks! 🙏

> :show-content:
> 

Reviewer 3: Remove the meta tag from `check_in_check_out.rst`
```suggestion
```
